Business Intelligence assignment



1.Describe Business Intelligence system development phases
2. Explain characteristics of Decision Support System.
3. List types of DSS and explain any one in detail.
4. Define Decision Support System and explain its structure.
5. What are the advantages & disadvantages of Decision Support System.
6. What is Business Intelligence? Explain architecture of it.
7. Describe Business Intelligence System development phases.
8. What is the role of mathematical model in BI
9. Define Business Intelligence cycle and explain various stages with suitable diagram.
10. Explain components of DSS with diagram
11. Define Business Intelligence and explain BI components in detail.
12. What are types of decisions?
13. What are main limitations of DSS?
14. Define following terms with examples:
a. Data b. Information c. Knowledge

case study
 Decision support system in business intelligence:
https://www.riverlogic.com/blog/five-decision-support-s
ystem-examples 



1. Name and explain any three standard Business Intelligence tools available
2. What is BI dashboard? What is the significance of BI Dashboard? Give one example.
3. Design appropriate schema for University data warehouse
4. Explain data warehouse terms: ROLAP, MOLAP & HOLAP
5. Differentiate between OLTP & OLAP.
6. Explain drill down & slice operation with example.
7. Explain the distributed data warehouse architecture with suitable diagram.
8. Design Star schema for Placement system in an Educational organization. Decide your own fact and dimension tables.
9. Differentiate between Star schema and Snowflake schema with suitable example
10.Explain main 4 characteristics of data warehouse
11.Explain Drill Down and Pivot operations of OLAP with example
12.Explain data warehouse architecture and its components with suitable diagram
13.With suitable schema, design a data warehouse data model for clinical data (E.g. Drugs, Patients, Physicians, etc.)
14.Define following terms in data warehouse modelling with example
a. Fact Table b. Dimension Table c. Measure d. Dimensions
15. Write note on: a. Star schema b. Snowflake schema c. Fact Constellation


case study
A case study on Retail Industry :
https://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:831050/FULLTEXT01.pdf 
